Add questions to Contributing and Using Fleet FAQ (#2366)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/01-Using-Fleet/FAQ.md

- Use live query to `SELECT * FROM osquery_schedule` to check whether the query has been scheduled on the host.
- Look at the status logs provided by osquery. In a standard configuration these are available on the filesystem of the Fleet server at the path configurable by [`--filesystem_status_log_file`](../02-Deploying/02-Configuration.md#filesystem_status_log_file). This defaults to `/tmp/osquery_status`. The host will output a status log each time it executes the query.

## Why does the same query come back faster sometimes?

Don't worry, this behavior is expected; it's part of how osquery works.

> Fleet and osquery work together by communicating with heartbeats, much like a new mother and her newborn. Depending on how close the next heartbeat is, Fleet might return results a few seconds faster or slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet and osquery work together by communicating with heartbeats, much like a mother and her unborn baby. Depending on how close the next heartbeat is, Fleet might return results a few seconds faster or slower.
```

Reviewer: I'm not a doctor, so I could be wrong 😅 but is it mothers and unborn babies that communicate through heartbeats while in the womb? Actually, I have no idea... I guess newborns are maybe comforted by heartbeats when cuddling mum?

Don't worry, this behavior is expected; it's part of how osquery works.

> Fleet and osquery work together by communicating with heartbeats, much like a mother and her unborn baby. Depending on how close the next heartbeat is, Fleet might return results a few seconds faster or slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet and osquery work together by communicating with heartbeats. Depending on how close the next heartbeat is, Fleet might return results a few seconds faster or slower.
```
